This game let's me live my wildest sexual fantasies of having a job and someone who actually loves me
MY GRANDKIDS LOVE IT
If I could kiss this game on the mouth, I would. That's it. That's the whole review. Buy it.
I play a lot of games you would call "rage inducing". I love the hack and slash thrill from DMC, the gore fest from Doom Eternal, the unbearable challenges of Souls-Like games. 
My wife introduced me to this game and its a game I didn't know I needed. I deal with a lot of anxiety and PTSD from my military service and other stressors in my life, but there's something about harvesting crops and petting your duck named "Howard" that just feels so relaxing. This game is an escape from the everyday stress and I can't recommend it enough. And it was developed by a one man army?! Like damn this man earned his flowers.
Fantastic game. You can create your own farm and customize it to your liking. I have a small farm in the forest called "Greenwood Farm" and my character is named Henry.
​
You can also walk around town and meet all types of different people. The story is cool.
​
I really recommend Stardew Valley; it is very relaxing and fun.
One of the best games to exist. 
You will not regret buying this game, and the creator of this game is so kind, 
 he listens to the game's fans for new ideas. It is a great farm game. 10/10.
O único jogo onde alguém pode me amar, sem ser meu namorado bêbado e pelado na madrugada. 






Ah é, dá pra criar alguns carijós. :D
Stardew Valley is a very special game to me. It was one of the first games I ever played on steam. It helped to ground and distract me when I was going through depression and rough patches in my life. I think the charm of the game is its simplicity, beautiful music, relationships with villagers and  cute animals. You just seem to slip through time and forget your worries. 

Beautiful game. Please buy it.
The closest I've ever come to touching grass.
​
Got me through several bouts of depression, existential crises, burnout, and a fight with COVID.
just wanted to do this review to immortalize my 1234 hours but it is a very great game
[h2] It makes me horny [/h2]
You play this game every night on your bed when you imagine fake scenarios like having your own house, money and a wife
This is basically a warm hug but if it was a game.

Never been one to play life/farming sims, but this one got me hooked after the first 5-10 hours. I love the valley, my farm and my cat (yes you can pat, but sadly its just once every day)

Recommended.


this game lets you 
1.farm
2.kill
3.mine
4.forage
5.fish
6.give gifts that people like
7.give gifts that people hate
8.attend each festival
9.attend no festivals when sleeping for speed
10.cook
11.wait for next update (soon it will come)
12.have child
13.dont have child
14. do rituals to not have child
15.go to new area
16. min max a world for a speedrun
17.do a 1st world and be slow
18. help the community center and junimos(good ending)
19.help big company take over community center(bad ending)
20.do mods
21. do remixed bundles
22.do each farm 
23. get animals
24.get cats
25.make a 25 reasons why you should get this game as a review
why cant i marry the moms?
good game but i got motion sickness(nausea) when i play this game
i eatid this gaem
My wife eats straight rocks. 10/10
